Please go to exercise number 12.
Which is called Pay Less Taxes.
Because I'm gonna ask you a couple questions here
that are gonna summarize saving for your retirement
which is question number one.
Saving for educational needs, if applicable,
which is question number two.
And a really fun exercise in question number three
which is it's not really a tax question
but a question of what do I need
or what do you need to save to buy your own airplane
or, or large ticket item?
So just have fun with this one and once you answer
the questions as always click on the plus sign
to check your answers.
And in this exercise please look closely at what happens
if you change the tax rate from 0% okay,
in the retirement accounts, to 50%.
Assuming the money was never placed
in the retirement account.
As I just want you to see what happens if you
never took advantage of these great tax shelters.
Okay and this will make much more sense
to you once you complete the exercise okay.
And as always please let me know if you have
any questions and, and I really hope you
enjoy exercise number 12,
especially question number three.